Participant A
Aniket, art teacher, 30 years old based out of West bengal. Stays with family - parents and brother. Father is also an earning member of the family. Family is well to do, but wants to be independent and save up for his future.
Unmarried currently. Very focussed on saving money and planning for the future/retirement. Lives frugally in the present to reap the benefits in the long run.
Current expenses:
Invests 50% of his salary monthly, and 20% is for reserved savings, makes do for his expenses with the remaining 30%
Investment journey. Shifted to Groww from Angel in 2019-2020. Groww is much different than other stocks broker. Simplified interface.
Has a home loan running at present
Groww loans:
Has taken loans form Groww 6 times - 4 have been paid fully
5 times was for him for trading as additional funds - max amount is 20K at a time
“Aaj to jee lete hai but I would better prefer- - unmarried person, then lead life with good financial freedom. This is not nasha to me but a passion/dedication. Being experience investor, mera pura list rehta hai ki har mahine SIP se konsa stock kharidna hai, multiple instances- haven’t taken loan of big amount. I wanted to buy L&T infotech, I didn’t use my reserve for this. 5k k saath me 89 rs fees. Not too much. Stocks lene se satisfaction milega.”
1 time 50K for his uncle who did not have access to Groww credit - pays the EMIs using his funds, uncle pays him 25th of every month
Finds his credit limit on Groww to be very low - 75K, has compared with offers for his friends who have lower credit scores, but offers of 125L, expects at least 1.5L - 2L limit for his credit score, past record adn payment capability
Prefers unsecured loans - does not want to provide collateral for higher amounts - would not provide his holdings /securities as collateral
Did not consider any other platform when taking these loans, even though he has offers from multiple banks and NBFCs because has his portfolio on Groww and trust Groww
Feels other places charge high ROI and PF which is not justified
does not want to share his PAN and Aadhar details with a lot of institutions
Would be ok to share SMS/Email/banking details for better offers since he completely trusts Groww
If Groww stops credit: Would just save up and wait to invest instead of taking loans from elsewhere > Had 2lac offer from Bajaj but did not consider it, does not want to share details with everyone
Likes: Groww is trustworthy, seamless, quick, unsecured loan, low PF, good ROI
Improvements: Higher credit limit and wants the available credit limit to be autoupdated after each repayment - has had to call CS multiple times because the amount does not auto update to reflect latest credit limit
75k limit is very low for me. Mera 1-2 friend ka same income and credit score is worse but offered 1.5L-2L. He felt bad as he is old and loyal user to Groww. 1.5-2 lac is expected.
Credit card:
CC- uses credit cards, all bills cleared on time. 2 cc- indusand, kotak bank
I use it wisely, last 2 month me credit card down tha.A
AC lena tha. Speaker, mobile kharidna hai etc.
Regular expense me- EMI,
Reasons for loans:
Loan requirement: loan lene se pehle evaluate karta hu- wild thing in falling wild trap.
House loan was was necessary.
Other players:
Offers on other? IDFC, other NBFC, IIFL, bajaj finance, rofelo, kredit bee, kotak bank, HDFC bank etc.  But I did not consider, Trust on Groww
My family economic condition is strong. I can ask my father but I won’t do that. Groww is there. I don’t consider anything else.
Dusra koi platform dekhta bhi nahi. Micro-loans 5k pe 500-600 ka convenience katenge, unfair. On groww is it too less 89 rs. I don’t think of anything else but Groww
Experience before Groww:
I checked with others- before groww, that time I didn’t have proper job, I was in desperate need - rofelo, nightmare. Terms were not said clearly. Threatened me literally. If I took 5k in 7 days then why 500 charges?
I am not going to take any sort of loan in future. Groww ka anokha laga. - Bahot fayemand feature hai. Killer product.
Given proper info on payment structure. 5k and distribute then 9-12 month. Telling in detail. Groww is 3rd largest to kuch to bharosa banta hai, not any random platform.
12.5% -ROI- excellent. Global bank interest are increasing. Will not compare NBFC with bank. Minimum 14% se upar rehta hai.
Discontinued: Investment, PAN k ek jagah pe include kiya.
Chahiye kitna? Is groww able to provide money? Bank se uthaoge to bank ka process- convenience of process.
Collateral: If you had option: 75k, what basis of credit score at the time. Uss time pe homeloan shuru hua tha. Abhi repayment badhiya hai. Don’t provide collateral, I prefer an unsecured loan.


Participant B
User background/Family background:
S Vignesh, from Tamilnadu, settled in a rural area in Anantpur district, Andhra.
Lives with his parents who are retired; Sister in Chennai
Free-lancer: online tutoring for math. I answer questions online. Work with "check"
Has about 4 years of experience - on/off
Monthly expenses:
Monthly household expenses, internet, utility etc.
Staying at own house so no rent
Perception of loans:
Borrowing money
”I am not very well versed with financial thing, conservative take, not very keen on spending beyond needs.”
Have used a credit card before , I was put off by the idea credit —> CC: Temptation,
Limit was not high, it was capped but managing payment was tricky, didn't know ROI or late fees, minimum balance, business, I was new to it.
 It was confusing, experience was not pleasant.
"I felt I was spending beyond my means, even though even that limit was capped..I was not able to manage the payments, did not understand the concept of minimum payments, did not know how much the interest was/how it was calculated...was tough to keep it in check"
Used to feel that getting a loan was a very document heavy and bureaucratic process and his past experience with inability to manage credit card payments made him stay away from loans/credit in general. Not very financially savvy
CC vs Loan: Not much of a difference. CC are more expensive, ROI are higher. Layman's perspective- same: we have EMI and ROI which are most imp, beyond that I don't know how they were different
Impact of GC:
Future loan: “I used to own a credit card when I started working, but was not good at managing it. since then I have never taken credit..[now after GC]..Might not be very hesitant. If I need to make necessary payment, and flexibility in repayment is there I wouldn't mind.
Perception of loans changed after taking GC and now user is less hesitant to consider future loans — GC positive
Need of credit, exposure to credit:
Mostly when I need to purchase something expensive which is not in day to day requirement, high price electronic item. If I feel like i might need financial assistance. Mainly it is for expensive items - like electronics or furniture - which is not day to day requirement. To get a quality item, I might require financial assistance.
Other Sources of loans:
Banks
Kredit bee
Amazon pay
Credit card
Refers to others as ‘spam’ instant loan
I know usual- apply to bank etc but didn't go through process
Groww loans discovery and experience: taken loans twice
This year, I have groww casually invest. Then loan feature suddenly popped-up. Co-incidental. Looking to set-up home office- chair, buy an iPad. Groww was offering new feature. I was convenient, no tedious procedure. Didn't do any research or anything. Lucky timing I would say. I use Groww only for loan as of now. I was seriously concerned for investing, new to finance side. Not a serious investor. Happen to have app and happen to discover loan feature.
Considerations when taking the loan: “Whether I would be able to maintain payment schedule. I did approx. math, how much would I get from free lance job and repaying the loan. It was okay, I was able to do it quite comfortably. It was not putting un-due stress on my finances.”
Limit: 40k. 14.5% for 12 month
14.5% ROI, I don't know if it is low or high. Main thing is Convenience. Readily available app when I needed the money. Accessibility and repayment schedule were convenient.
Flexibility- payment schedule and EMI can be stretched out. Thats' the reason. Process smooth, 30 min to get money.
Thoughts on credit limit: 40k limit: nothing much, generally don't make purchases of this level, not a regular, one time thing and groww happen to be there to support me
Second time: Did not check anything. No, timing was pretty short between 2 loans, couple of day difference. First time to tested to check, it was smooth. so used 2nd time with confidence - WFH setup.
Seamless process.
Autopay from my account.
Compare: I keep getting offer from Kredit bee, instant loan, ads etc but didn't do serious research.
Amazon pay: less credit limit, very limited repayment option. I needed to buy something expensive, I needed payment to be split so I can manage monthly expenses.
Experience with GC:
Thoughts when he discovered:
Did not compare GC to any other platform for ROI or any other parameters. Did not discuss with anyone.
“Honestly I don’t know, I did not do any research. Groww loans is not something which I sought out. It was a happy coincidence.If someone offers less than 14.5% ROI, I don’t know, if the difference is minute I don’t know if it is much of a benefit. Don’t know how to quantify benefits.”
Likes about GC:
Likes the flexible repayment schedule, has taken EMI for 12 months - not aware if that is the maximum limit? Having option for longer durations would be welcome
User did not feel inclined/actively consider loans, the discovery of loans coincided with a need for extra funds which led to him trying out the option and the seamless process led to repeat usage. After his experience with Groww, user feels less hesitant about taking future loans, though he does not anticipate any need in the near future.
If he does not have access to GC:
He has heard of a few other platforms like Kredit bee and instant credit, but not inclined, felt they were spam, and did not have the need for any extra funds when he came across those so did not think much about them. If he did not have access to Groww, he might have considered that but his other option would have been to save money and try and make the purchases.
Improvement to GC:  Accessibility is the main thing that drew him to Groww credit. Likes that there was no requirement for any docs. KYC process was smooth and fast. All the info was in one place and he was approved quickly.
Pretty much fine, nothing much. Not interested in other players since I have Groww options. Quite convenient in my needs. KYC was quite smooth- it was done in 5 min. My general summation is it was hassle free, no talking to anyone, no documents etc. It had all the info, credit check etc. I was approved almost instantaneously. Experience was smooth. My mind- getting a loan was huge document heavy bureaucratic thing, so I was surprised that this was so seamless
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
For Non-salaried users, getting loan is difficult in general and hence Groww is good platform for them.
Credit-risk: People with low risk have good deals elsewhere too. It's the high-risk people who might leverage Groww. (People with moderately low credit score might leverage Groww Credit

