Kumar Nil Dutta. Transcipt of the research interview

00.01
M: OK tell me something about yourself and I am from Gujarat but I work in Bangalore and I have come here for Diwali celebration and I have been in Bangalore for 6 years and I am a researcher  ?
R: My name is Kumar Nil Dutta and I have done my B.Tech in civil engineering and right now I am working in a college as lecturer in an engineering college and before this job I have worked with L & T, Simplex, Upcom and Tata and everything 

01.16
M:Ok where are you working and who else in your family?
R: yeah my home town is Kolkata otherwise I have worked everywhere and my family members are old persons my mom and dad and there is no one to take care of them so I have changed my profession and now I have become a teacher or lecturer and since 2019 I have been working as lectrurer 

01.59
M:OK now I would like to discuss your investment goals how did you start and how did you discovered Groww and all that since when you have been investing?
R: yeah initially I have opened an account with Axis bank and it was 2015 and they asked me to open a demat account and that time I did not have the knowledge of demat account and brokerage 
And since then I have invested in so many stocks and earned profit and I have purchased the shares of REC in 2016 and it was rural electrical corporations and it was on the recommendation of the banks and I purchased it at 79 and its price has not gone up in 2021 and after huge loss I have stopped investment 
But my friend told me about this app Groww and you can invest easily and brokerage is very less 0.05 percent per order and it was only 20 rupees and there is no account maintenance charges and you can raise your questions from the customer care and its interface is very user friendly and it is very good and I have accounts with uptocks and angel broking but I don’t feel they are user friendly and from last month I have started investing in Groww and I have invested 30000/

04.29
M:OK when you came to know about Groww last month?
R: yeah before that I have seen its app in google play store but I was not aware what groww is doing and I saw its ad in the cricket match it is fine app

05.04
M:OK we wanted to discuss charges and etc first of all you told me charges are 0.05 and it is very lower and you have accounts with other apps like Upstocks and angel broking so what do you think about the Groww?
R: yeah it is very good for me not every one is regular investor and we are small investor if there is saving we invest it
It is not possible to save too much money and if I invest small amount and for that I give annual maintenance charges that it too much and upstocks does not have annual maintenance charges it is very good for middle class people and for high class people 
And it is very good platform so I would say Groww is thinking for every one

06.33
M:OK and I want to go little bit in detail and tell me what kind of investment you do on stocks and do you do intra day ?
R: yeah from last month I have started learning from a friend and I am learning from you tube videos and there is so much content on you tube there and they tell us what is IPO and N&O and there is stock SIP is there and I asked groww customer care executive and SIP is not available there and there are so many stocks like Bajaj finserve IRCTC and there are so many stocks and we want to invest and their stock price is high and if I have 500 rupees I can purchase little bit units and that should be included in Groww

07.59
M:OK we have noted your feed back and I want to understand how you have bought and sold stocks in last one month and what was the deductions from groww?
R: yeah I have invested in Nify and its charges are very less and its charges are 5 to 6 rupees

08.35
M:Ok and how do you realise what are the charges and how you get to see it?
R: yeah initially I was not able to understand the charges but they have sent me the statement and it  has everything and there is brokerage calculator in it and I can calculate and how much money I have to pay and there are government charges and it is reasonable 
And they sent me mails and I like it

09.35
M:OK and I want to know when do you see the calculator do you see it during the buying and selling or afterwards?
R: yeah before sell I have seen it and after buying I got exact figure what they are charging and it is transparent 

10.10
M:Ok and where do you see these charges on the phone or laptop or something?
R: yeah I do it with my smart phone 

10.21
M:OK can you share the screen and show me how you do that and are you planning to buy and sell something ?
R: No before buying and selling I have to do some research and I have not researched anything 
And prices are shown here and here is the brokerage calculator 
Equity delivery is there and intraday is there

11.30
M:OK and you are doing intra day or delivery?
R: yeah I have not done intra day and I have not that much experience 

11.43
M:OK can you open it again and I want to ask something did you know different aspects of charges?
R: yeah I don’t know about the STP charges and taxes and I know about GST but I don’t know about the stamp duty 
And I think 20 rupees are taken by  Groww and I don’t know the other charges

12.36
M:Ok and in this I want to know what do you understand and you said brokerage is what groww is charging, and you don’t have any idea about the STP?
R: yeah STP charges are confusing for me exchange charges are confusing and stamp duty is confusing 
Sebi charges I  can understand and it is 0.05 and rest of the three is not clear to me 

13.45
M:OK do you think any of the charges are hidden based on your experience till now?
R:No it is not hidden but total order value is 50000/ and it is showing total charges are 83/ and 20 rupees is charged by groww and they have mentioned it and rest of things are clear and no hidden charges

14.30
M:OK let  us assume you are ordering 50000/ and 83 will be charged or some additional will be charged ?
R: I think 83 is fine and they are charging STP from government and it is higher and it is regulatory charges and groww cannot do anything 

15.02
M:OK and have you tried out these charges in any other platforms like Angel broking and upstocks?
R: No I have not seen the brokerage calculator there easily and I am not able to get the comparison 
And groww is fine and they make everything clear

15.37
M:OK and have you heard about the DP charges?
R: it is demat something I have heard but don’t know about it

15.55
M:OK can you go back and show me some transactions have you ever sold any stocks?
R: No I have only purchased and I am showing you my investment 
I have not sold anything and I have started in just one month and there will be no huge profit and I will have to wait for one year and my investment is in SIP 
And I have bought some nifty stocks and it is showing 22 rupees return currently 
And I want to wait for one year and I have not started intraday and it needs experience and research and I don’t have that much experience of chart

17.12
M:OK what are the things the groww can do to improve and you said whatever the government is charging should be reduced any other point you want to make?
R: yeah I think Groww is charging very less they are charging 20 rupees and they are doing business and we are the source of income for them and they are charging less

17.58
M:OK and one last exercise from me and I want you to show me the stocks ?
R: yeah I have purchased last month nifty 

18.33
M:Ok and let us say one of the stocks is 3000/ and you want to sell and I want to see what are the charges will be deducted from groww side end of the day and if you had to do that how would you go about it?
R: yeah again I will go to brokerage calculator and from there I will get it and it is for sales
Sale charges are at the time of sale 75 rupees and there is no duty charges and regulatory charges are 4 and at that time it is 5 and it has reduced little bit

19.35
M:Ok and let us assume the 3000/ rupees is  the amount and tell me what will be different charges ?
R: yeah I have my investment here and your amount is 3000/ and it is showing 4.89 and groww is charging 1.50 as they have told me it is lower 

20.47
M:Ok and I want you to stay here and you come next day and in your groww balance how much would it reflect what will be the groww balance after selling the stocks?
R: net value 2995.11 in my groww account 

21.16
M:OK and now you want to buy again some new stocks and you have amount 2500/ what would be your thoughts ?
R: yeah initially I would wait and groww is sending me the mails and statement and if they don’t send I would go to helpline and kindly tell me I  am supposed to get 2995 and I am getting 2500/ and how they have deducted the money 

22.12
M:OK and can you scroll down a little and there is small disclaimer can you read this?
R: Yeah dp charges are excluded please check the price pages for details
I have not seen it

22.35
M:OK and you have missed it earlier?
R: yeah I have missed it

22.39
M:OK if we are doing peak margin do you know anything about peak margin?
R: NO

22.57
M:Ok and those were the details I wanted to check with you do you have any feed back you can share with me and tell me how we can make groww better for you?
R: No it is fine
This should be improved the watch list and I have to click here and then I get and they should have another page of the watch list
It is not easier and I am opening the app and watch list be there 
Stocks and SIP should be included

24.14
M:OK we have seen the example of 3000/ and you get 2500/ would you reach out to your friend or customer care for clarity ?
R: yeah I would reach out to customer care definitely and they would explain me properly and if I go to my friend they would direct me to customer care

24.54
M:OK it is all from my side and I will send you gift tomorrow ?
R: yeah 

M:Ok thank you very  much 
End of Session. 

New session; 
Transcript of the Research session with Sajin
.………
00.01
M: OK tell me something about yourself and where are you and who all are in your family ?
R: I work in a public sector company and I have completed my higher studies in Bangalore only and I have started working here 

00.40
M:OK since how many years you have been working?
R: yeah I have been working since 6 years 

00.52
M:OK I want to know about your investment history and how you started and what are the apps you use?
R: yeah I have not had any idea about investment but my friend told me that if you are going for 5k or 6k in a month and you can earn 
And I have started with Groww and he told me that you can start with Groww with  100 rupees also so that is good and I liked it and I have purchased 6k 

01.44
M:OK and in what other stocks you have invested and what do you do are you investing in mutual funds and intra day etc
R: I am not doing intra day and I have purchased delivery only and I have not invested in mutual funds with groww but I have two mutual funds through IDFC 

02.15
M:OK and when did you start investing in stocks through Groww?
R: yeah last month I have started investing in stocks 

02.28
M:OK and do you have any experience of investing somewhere else?
R: No it is first time I have invested here and I don’t think I would get even one rupee from there

02.54
M:OK and have you tried other apps like zero da?
R: No
Actually my friend gave me this idea and I trust him so I have started investment and I started with 99 rupees 

03.19
M:OK Sajin I want to discuss mostly around charges what is the idea you have about it?
R: yeah you are not charging anything for mutual funds but you are charging 0.03% in intra day and 20 rupees but I don’t know the cap amount 

03.46
M:OK and it is for intraday and delivery ?
R: yeah for both the charges are same and there are no charges for mutual funds

03.49
M:OK have you seen groww has deducted any amount from your orders?
R:No

04.05
M:OK you told me that you have bought stocks etc and at that time the charges were deducted from your account ?
R: yeah I trade from wallet itself so what it gets deducted from there 

04.33
M:OK if you have some amount in wallet and you try and buy the stocks what is the charges groww will deduct what is in your top of mind?
R: I don’t have anything in the top of mind I think they are not charging anything for buying and they are charging when you sell it

05.03
M:OK when you are doing some research and where do you all this  check any website or videos ?
R: Yeah my friend is there and he knows about all this and he knows stocks and I just google it and I am on face book and twitter and I get all the updates of IPOs and how to invest and how it converts
I have invested in mutual funds

05.05
M:OK you are on the face book twitter and you tube you have subscribed to groww channe?
R: Yeah I have subscribed to groww channel in Hindi and tamil
And I am watching both the channels and I am following grow on twitter and face book 

06.23
M:OK you have bought some stocks and amount got deducted was more than your expectations and has it ever happened with yuo?
R: If it is getting deducted and it is refunded before the end of the day or till 5 pm so there are no issues


06.52
M:Ok tell me what are the things you like about groww?
R: yeah my wife is banking employee and she is trading with the angel broking but compared to that groww is better and it depends from person to person and it think the UI of Groww is better

07.21
M:OK and I want you to check out your groww app and you have bought some stocks?
R: I have bought two stocks day before yesterday and it is 99.86 and I have bought two stocks 

07.57
M:OK can you share the screen and show me your groww account ?
R: No

08.07
M:OK if your friend comes and asks you how much groww charges you on buying the stocks can you try it yourself ?
R: yeah if you going pre dot and I click here and it shows the stocks and mutual funds and NRI funds 
If you go to groww app here are three dots on left side 

08.48
M:OK what I want you to do just open the groww app and check if you are able to figure out how much is the charge?
R: yeah AMC is 00
Account opening is 00
Demat 00
Brokerage is 0.05% or 20 rupees
Future and options 20 rupees
Mutual funds it is zero
Your stocks zero

09.50
M:OK and if you want to check your balance then day before yesterday and how it was showing in your wallete ?
R: 500/

10.09
M:OK I want you to check out all the details in your own wallet and ther would be paid for stocks or something like that ?
I want you to check all the details if you know about these charges?
R: No brother 

 11.00
M:OK and do you know about various charges like GST, SST sebi charges how did you come to know about it?
R: yeah I have seen the prices options 

11.18
M:OK and do you know about the dp charges and all?
R: NO

11.24
M:OK you said you bought stocks at 99 rupees and two different price and did you check the balance?
R: yeah it is Indian mindset and when amount is deducted and we check it

11.43
M:OK and on the purchase do you have to pay anything ?
R: No
I have not paid anywhere for the purchase of stocks 

11.58
M:OK and in terms of charges have you tried other apps like angel broking and zero da and compared those apps?
R: No I have compared with Google finance

12.28
M:OK do you know about annual maintenance charges which other players have?
R: No
There is no need to give any annual charges

12.43
M:OK assume a scenario where you bought a stock for 99/ and tomorrow it goes to 120/ and you want to sell have you ever thought how much groww will charge?
R: I think 20 rupees and 0.05%

13.12
M:OK and if you want to sell your stocks at 120/ rupees how much they would charge you?
R: 20 rupees

13.23
M:OK can you try and check it out ?
R: yeah I am not able to understand why you want to sell the stocks which I am holding 
If I have stocks in my hand and its cost is 120/ and I sell and tomoroow it might go upto 170/

14.06
M:OK Sachin I am not asking you to sell it I want you to check it if you want to sell it how much they would charge you
And said 20 rupees and 0.05
And it will be brokerage 
And there are no other charges and if you are doing in front of us and we will be able to understand that more
I  am not saying to tell you to do on groww?
R: yeah for intraday it is 0.025 % for delivery it is 0.1%
And exchange and sebi charges and total will be 13.50 paise DP charges 35 paise

15.50
M:OK you said DP charges are?
R: 13.50 paise 

16.01
M:OK are there any charges you are able to see?
R: turnover charges 0.01%
Exchange transaction 0.03%
Stamp duty 0.03%
Delivery 0.01%

16.32
M:OK where are you seeing it on ghe  google page?
R: yea it is on groww app

16.41
M:OK and if you want to sell the stock which is 120 rupees how much would be charged approximately ?
R: 15 rupees

17.04
M:Ok and were you aware of this before this conversation?
R:yeah I was aware of 20 rupees and I was not aware of the cap and 0.05%
If it is about 60% they are charging 20 rupees

17.35
M:OK and 20 rupees is upper cap so let us say  and in groww also 20 rupees is upper limit and 0.05 will be 1.50 rupay  and 20 rupees is upper limit?
R: yeah can you come again 

18.28
M:OK I am saying that upper limit is 20 rupees just like upstock and if you are selling for 100 rupees the .05 paise it is nominal amount ?
R: yeah it was clear to me 
You have any cap for that and for which amount you are charging 20 rupees and for which amount you are charging 0.05%

19.10
M:OK we have noted this down and I wanted to understand what is the confusion you have and we can simplify it and you mentioned that and in the 120 rupees stock you will end up 15 rupees will be charged by the groww?
R: yeah 

19.39
M:OK and do you discuss with your friends about the charges or which platform is better  have you compared the charges of zero da and uptocks?
R: NO
I said before and I compare with the google finance and there is another website screener and it gives me information regarding new apps and while I am using laptop and I tag my funds and check it

20.53
M:OK and are you interested in intra day ?
R yeah I said and I was new to this and if I am familiar then I would start and I am learning about the market
One more thing I want to add and you are not settling the things if I have ten stocks with 15 holdings and you are not giving complete information 

21.28
M:OK and what happened in your case?
R: yeah in my case I have 6000 stocks and when I get emails and they are showing 4300 and something 
If you simplify things it will be good for the started like me and total price and number of stocks and if you give it end of the day that will be fine

22.23
M:OK and have you talked to the customer care because of any charges?
R: yeah I forgot the issue and Mr Radha krishan replied it

22.57
M:OK and it was related to price?
R:NO it was about the stocks in my account 

23.22
M:OK any suggestions you want to give?
R: yeah if you give daily information that will be much better and you are sending email on daily basis I  feel this will be much better
Suddenly groww shuts down then how I can reach out the groww and it is hard earned money and and nothing is permanent 

M:OK thank you very much 


End of session
